New pages: HTML<form>FormAction (#36272)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmlbuttonelement/formaction/index.md

---
title: "HTMLButtonElement: formAction property"
short-title: formAction
slug: Web/API/HTMLButtonElement/formAction
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.HTMLButtonElement.formAction
---

{{APIRef("HTML DOM")}}

> The **`formAction`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLButtonElement")}} interface represents the form action of the {{HTMLElement("button")}} element. The form action is the URL of the program that is executed on the server when the form is submitted. It reflects the value of the `<button>`'s [`formaction`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/button#formaction) attribute.

Reviewer: The first sentence here feels like an unhelpful tautology "The **`formAction`** property ... represents the form action".

Also we refer to "the form" in sentence 2 without saying what that form is. Maybe we could say:

```suggestion
The **`formAction`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLButtonElement")}} interface is the URL of the program that is executed on the server when the form that owns this control is submitted. It reflects the value of the `<button>`'s [`formaction`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/button#formaction) attribute.
```

(It would be nice to have a clear definition of "owns" that we could link to here but IDK if we have one.)
